hello and welcome to far
away from me I am rigid and so today
the unboxing also halo tc this hans
to the small helicopter from home
griffin
The whole thing can be done with his smartphone
control
the whole thing works with the course
iphone ipad ipod touch and of course
also with the whole android devices
You just have to call the app
halo tc download is all over then looks
as if it just had to be in the app
Enter store or google place tor
and can then find it here directly
otherwise we will continue with the
unboxing and look at this little one
helicopter a little closer
on the backside is the whole
Of course, once again is pictured
the individual steps shown as
the whole thing works
First of all, this is recommended
of course download the app
and now it's something
take a closer look
here in front is then once as the
helicopter monument we have to do it then
now first plug in the socket
and can be loaded only once look else
Let's see what else is there then
is now a small bag with the
charging cable here has a few spare
here is another wing
Here is also the once again
entrance where the harpoon is approaching
I say, I 'm glad to show that
means we can in this small
helicopter then shoot here too
I'm really curious how the whole
Everyone will still look in practice
a small manual is all I will
I, of course, small at first directly
read through to look like that
works and so on and then
Now go a little box then
We also have a look here
what she is still doing
Here is this adapter here what
you just get new device I am
really curious how the whole in the
practice will look like and who this is now
first test it as soon as I get this now
small helicopter here longer time
which in the test had some of course still
to turn a little deer around you again
easy to say or show
whether the purchase of this part here too
really worth the price is like that
function of the whole is and whether it is
really works the way you do
imagine that or if it bakes
otherwise base to unboxing if I have
I liked the video
yourself a thumbs up happy sorry
my facebook fanpage following on
twitter but not this channel above
do not miss any more
Write down comments what you think about it
hold what your opinion is this has
I'm really interested
otherwise would want to buy it
of course you will find the link to it
melancholy in the video description until the
next time you see mine
friends